sekolah: sekoalh
universitas: univesitas
pemerintah: pemrintah
kesehatan: kesthan
komputer: komper
olahraga: olagra
pengembangan: pengmbangan
perusahaan: perusaan
kebijakan: kebijkaan
informasi: infromasi
persahabatan: persahbatan
keberlanjutan: keberlanjutan
pertumbuhan: pertumbuan
pengalaman: pegalaman
pendidikan: pendidikan
perekonomian: perekonomian
perubahan: perubahan
keberhasilan: keberhasialan
penelitian: penelitian
penyelidikan: penyelidikan
perencanaan: perencaan
keamanan: kemanan
kemajuan: kemjuan
kepercayaan: kepercyaan
penerimaan: peneriman
perbedaan: perbedan
pengetahuan: pengetauan
pembangunan: pembangnan
pengembang: pengmbang
perjalanan: perjalann
pemberdayaan: pemberdayan
keberlanjutan: keberlanjutan
perekonomian: perekomoni
kebijaksanaan: kebijaksanan
perusahaan: perusaan
kebersamaan: kebersaman
pengembangan: pengmbangan
penyelidikan: penyelidkan
keberlanjutan: keberlnjutan
pendidikan: pendidkan
makanan: mkanan
telepon: tepon
universitas: uiversitas
komputer: kmputer 
menulis: menlis 
belajar: beljar
pintu: pint
penulis: penlis
sekolah: solah
harian: haran
kamar: kmar
bahasa: bhasa
buku: bku
kelas: klas 
gambar: gamar
saudara: saudra
jalan: jlan
sendiri: sediri
temperatur: tempratur
informasi: informs
dunia: duna
pohon: pohn
sepeda: speda
taman: tamn
akhir: akir 
perpustakaan: prpustakaan 
jendela: jenela 
kucing: kucng 
tanggal: tnggal 
mobil: mobi
guru: gru
gambar: gabar
jalan: jlan 
saudara: sadara
tangan: tangn
warna: wara
bermain: bermai
kucing: kucng
senang: seang
kemarin: kemarn
teknologi: tknologi
kemungkinan: kemungkian
berkembang: berkemang
pertumbuhan: pertumbuhn
organisasi: orgnisasi
perusahaan: prusahaan
pendidikan: pendidkan
kontribusi: kontrbusi
kebahagiaan: kebahgaiaan
pembelajaran: pemelajaran
komunikasi: komunikas
pembangunan: pmbangunan 
keberlanjutan: kebelanjutan
perekonomian: prekonomian 
kesehatan: kesehatn
pemerintah: pemerntah
lingkungan: lingkungn 
teknologi: teknlogi
kebijakan: kebijkan
investasi: investsi 
abstrak: abtrak
idiosinkrasi: idosinkrasi 
inefisien: inefisen
abstrusitas: abtrusitas 
perkakas: perkaas 
melankolis: melnkolis 
eklektik: eklktik 
anomali: anmali 
eufemisme: efemisme
persepsi: perspi
eksentrik: eksntrik 
kiasan: kisan
monoton: monotn 
resilien: resilin
kredibel: kredibl
paradoks: paradok 
efektif: efektf 
intelek: intelk 
alternatif: altrnatif
kolaboratif: kolabratif
eksklusif: ekslusif
apresiasi: apreiasi
misterius: misteris
kolosal: kolsal
presisi: persii
hipotesis: hipotesi
elaborasi: elaborai
fantastis: fantstis
konflik: konlik
objektif: objetif
sensitif: senstif 
dilema: dilem 
efisien: efisie
dramatis: dramats
konseptual: konseptul 
teknikal: teknikl
idealis: ideais 
ritual: ritual 
aktual: aktal 
sarjana: sarjna 
aspirasi: asiprasi 
organik: orgnik 
kapasitas: kpasitas 
moneter: monetr 
pragmatis: pragmats 
kolaborasi: klaborsi
kinerja: kinrja
konstitusi: konstiusi
integritas: integrits
ritual: rital
otentik: oentik
demokrasi: deokrasi
sistematis: sisematis
stabilitas: stabiltas
Teoritis: teorits
Komprehensif: komprehenif
Kualitatif: kualittif
Rekreasi: rekresi
Sentralisasi: senralisasi
Konsistensi: konsitensi
Inovatif: invatif
Akurat: akurt
Kreatif: kreaf
Kapabilitas: kabilitas
Fenomenal: fenomenall
Karakteristik: karakteristk
Kontribusi: kontribus
Informasi: inforasi
Kolosal: kolsal
Perspektif: perspetif
Paradigma: paradigm
Revolusioner: revolusionr
Integrasi: integrsi
Konsekuensi: konsekuens
konsekuensi: konsekueni
legitimasi: legtimasi
dimensi: dimesi
faktual: fakttual
keseimbangan: kseimbangan
pembaruan: pemberuan
eksklusivitas: ekslusivitas
desentralisasi: desentralisai
destruktif: desruktif
interpretasi: interprtasi
kemapanan: kemanpanan
kompetitif: kometitif
pluralitas: pluralsitas
organisasi: orgniasi
regulasi: regulai
simetris: smetris
transparansi: transpransi
fotografi: fotogafi
imajinatif: imajntif
kapasitas: kapats
korupsi: korup
eksplorasi: eksplorai
hibernasi: hiberni
infrastruktur: infrastuktur
navigasi: naviagasi
otoritas: otortas
prospektif: prspektif